&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&& Post 8 &&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&

For centuries, women have been gaslit into believing they are “hysterical,” “emotional,” “crazy” and “needy” for having basic needs. That is why whenever you hear a man prematurely call his ex crazy, you have to ask yourself, “Was she really crazy or was she driven there? Was she always reactive or did he poke and prod at her a million times before she finally reacted in a valid way to a pattern of outrageous behavior?” While it’s true that some women may have emotional regulation issues, most of the time, when a man calls a woman “crazy,” “mean,” “domineering,” “confrontational,” what he really means is, “She had basic boundaries and stood up for herself assertively.” A high quality man knows the difference between someone who is actually emotionally unstable and a woman who is simply acquainted with her rights.

    So-called “crazy women” are secure women. They are secure in their boundaries and their standards, their expectations, and their self-respect. They stand up for themselves when they’re mistreated and know how to align and enforce their boundaries with their actions.

So what is it about an assertive woman, a “mean” woman as a low quality man may call her, that attracts high quality men? And why aren’t the “cool girl” PickMes who stay silent about their needs ever chosen by this type of man? Here are four secrets you should know about men in general in dating and how to hold tight to your standards to only invite high quality men into your dating life.
Men love and get obsessed with so-called “mean” otherwise known as assertive women and high quality men are especially attracted to these women. Low quality men take advantage of the “nice girls.”

You may think being a pick-me woman and being overly nice and spoiling a man will win him over, but the truth is that men in general whether high quality or low quality get addicted to chasing women who reject them. They want validation and approval from the woman who doesn’t give this to them that easily. Deep down they get turned on by a woman with high standards, airtight boundaries, and a woman who doesn’t think they’re shit. They get a hard-on for a woman who is hard to please. They may complain about these women and deny it with fury all they want, but all you have to do is observe how they exploit and use the women who bend over backwards for them and bend the knee for the women who put them in their place. These women value themselves, take pride in themselves, and never sacrifice their self-respect settling for crumbs.

Toxic men especially take for granted the women who care about them because they believe you’ll always be around; they pursue and compete for the women who date other men and laugh in their faces. If you don’t believe me, look at any chat history of a man you have ever ignored – they’ll be double texting and triple texting you trying to regain your attention and fearing that you’ve moved on. This isn’t to say you should be actually mean to anyone – it’s just to remind you that you need to stop wasting all that effort centering men. Don’t spoil him, don’t talk to him, and don’t entertain him unless he’s benefiting you. Be authentically so “into” your life that you are no longer into any man who doesn’t go out of his way to please you. Chances are, he’s busy chasing a woman who gives no fucks. Now get busy chasing your dream life and only settle for a dream partner who will treat you right.
Men can and will spend money on the things that matter to them. Don’t waste time with a man who’s not generous or romantic.

If he’s not taking you out to nice and meaningful dates, or being thoughtful about what you would like, he’s not valuing you the way you deserve to be valued. “But I am a feminist and can hold my own!” you might say. A real feminist knows the world hasn’t achieved equality yet, so trying to impose “equality” on unequal circumstances only leads to more adversity for you. High-quality men are more than happy to go out of their way to please and impress women they’re interested in, so you should never feel like you need to settle and play the “cool girl” who is low-maintenance and “easy” to date. With all the burdens, inequality, and safety issues women confront even going on a date with a man who might assault or murder her, why should you settle for less? A woman who is used to being taken out and properly “courted” will feel a natural “ick” toward any man who approaches her and doesn’t have some sort of solid and romantic date plan. Some women may think that going 50-50 is “equality,” but a man who’s okay with not impressing you from the beginning isn’t going to try to impress you down the road either and is likely to be emotionally stingy.

Set the standard early on for how you want to be treated and deserve to be treated. At the very least, even if the man turns out to be toxic, you’re not going to be wasting your time and resources on someone who can’t even meet the bare minimum. I’ve known men who have taken me out to fancy romantic restaurants who I found out later took other women to free museums or “walk” dates because they felt they could get away with it with those women (what the hell even is a walk date? Get a dog). One of these sordid players called me his “favorite.” Cue major ick. But that kind of scenario opens your eyes to how men know very well how to treat a woman right – some just choose not to do so at all, or only do it for certain women. Remember: some men date multiple women at a time and will be looking for a way to do it cheaply with women they’re not serious about or who they feel they can get away with treating worse – don’t ever be that woman. Don’t ever settle for coffee or low-effort dates when there’s a high-quality man out there who can’t wait to spoil you (yes, there are ways to keep yourself safe before meeting someone besides settling for a coffee date: FaceTime and get to know them first before agreeing to a date!). Many women are getting spoiled every day by their partner with amazing dates, gifts, lavish vacations, romantic gestures – you deserve nothing less. If you’re afraid of being called “materialistic,” ask yourself why you feel you don’t deserve to be impressed by the man who supposedly loves you.
Most men in the dating pool are looking to waste your time. So make sure the time you spend on them will be worth it and don’t spend time on people who aren’t worth it.

The best way to ward off a covert f\*ckboy? When he inevitably tells you his love language is physical touch, smile, giggle, bat your eyelashes and tell him your love language is money. Then, measure his running speed as he flees. Consider this: too many men in the dating world are just hoping to use you for sex and will waste your time, while accusing you of wasting theirs if you don’t have sex with them. So why do you feel badly about ensuring they invest in you while they’re potentially wasting your time? Men will expect sex regardless of whether or not they take you out to dinner and whether they spend time getting to know you. So, if you’re unsure of someone’s true intentions, you might as well make sure the dates they take you on and the conversations you have are actually worth your time.

The message you will send to the toxic men in the dating world will be clear through your actions: I do not accept less. If you’re trying to play me, you’ll be wasting your own time on your dime while I evaluate you. Raise your standards and don’t allow toxic people in the dating world make you settle for less than the bare minimum. There are high-quality men out there who will show their genuine interest consistently – if you’re not dealing with one, protect your singlehood and freedom. Find a man with a genuine provider mindset you’re both physically and emotionally attracted to (yes, women are allowed to date hot, physically attractive men without being called “shallow” – if you don’t think so, that’s because the media and romance movies have brainwashed you into believing in double standards). Men “protect” their freedom all the time. They explore their options. They prioritize their own happiness in dating. They opt out quickly out of situations that don’t meet their own needs and interests. They look for their physical and emotional “type” to mate with. If you want a high quality man, so should you.

&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&

&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&& post 9 &&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&
Treat dating as a potential liability, not an automatic benefit.

Many women are conditioned to approach dating and relationships as if there’s a heightened sense of urgency to “find the one.” As a result, they tend to choose partners out of a need for validation or to derive a sense of self-worth from their relationship status, rather than authentic desire. It’s important to deprogram the harmful myths you’ve internalized about romantic relationships to the point where you would rather be on your own than with a toxic partner so you do not settle for less just to settle down. If you’re not quite at that stage yet, it can be helpful to thoroughly read the stories of women who’ve struggled in even the happiest of marriages and the research on the risks and burdens of marriage, childbirth, and childrearing, and how these risks are heightened when you are with the wrong partner. Usually, women are trained since adolescence to seek out the benefits of relationships without knowing the costs, but being with the wrong partner can deplete your mental health, deplete your finances, make you lose your identity, and cause you to take detours in pursuing your dreams. Ensure you know these risks and costs so you can assess whether a potential partner is actually adding value to your life, rather than detracting from it and potentially going to change your life-course trajectory in irreversible ways.
Stop “pre-choosing” people before they’ve proven themselves worthy of being chosen to you.

Often, women follow the assumption that everyone should be trusted automatically unless someone gives you a reason not to trust them. This is one of the worst mistakes you can make in the dating world as a woman. If you haven’t built a solid foundation of organic trust over time, where your dating partner has shown themselves to be trustworthy across diverse contexts, there’s no need to give out your trust so freely. Be cautiously optimistic but possess a healthy skepticism. Don’t disclose your vulnerabilities, traumas, innermost secrets to potential wolves in sheep’s clothing and give people you don’t know well ammunition to use against you, and do not give someone a map to manipulate you.

Due to the rampant and pervasive nature of hookup culture, it’s even more important for a woman to not give “instructions” to a man looking to cosplay her deepest desires just to get her into bed. Sit back and observe someone’s behavior, rather than “tell” someone what to do, so you can witness how someone behaves in their natural state. Strike a balance between sharing more of yourself as you get more comfortable and get to know the person better before you share the privilege of who you are. Learn to differentiate between genuine generosity and a “provider mentality” that naturally comes from a high-quality man and a man who only gives in order to use you in some way.  
Date to investigate compatibility, not to marry.

You may have a life goal of getting married, or ending up with a lifelong partner, but that doesn’t mean that goal is meant for the particular person in front of you on a date. Relax! Again, remember that every person you date is a potential liability to invest in. Due to the higher burdens and risks women take on in the dating world, a high-quality partner is someone who will want to impress you and treat you well long-term. Dating is all about exploring compatibility and having fun. If it turns out the people you’re dating don’t share your core values, act in ways that are out of line with integrity, display red flags, or trespass your boundaries, be thankful you are in the early stages and are able to get out of a toxic situation early. Celebrate not just your wins, but your so-called “losses” whenever you discover that someone you thought you connected with wasn’t actually who you thought they were or exhibited red flags – these too, are gains, and lessons that teach you what you do want in a lifelong partner. Don’t fall prey to the sunk cost fallacy – you will only lose more by investing too much of yourself in partners who don’t honor you and what you authentically desire.  
Center yourself and your standards, not your dating partner.

Decentering your dating partner is a profound act of self-care in a world that teaches women to lower their standards in order to be in a relationship. Get in touch with your standards and boundaries early on before dating and work on leveling up in all facets of your life (financially, mentally, physically) so you know that you’re already a healthy version of yourself and can stay grounded in who you are and what you want when meeting potential partners. Learn to enjoy your own company so you know the difference between having a genuinely good time with someone as opposed to experiencing the relief of not being alone. Many women, when they learn how to do this, actually get addicted to the peace and joy of being on their own! That’s a good thing. It means a dating partner has to be high-quality and add value to your life in order to stay in it. When you’ve reached this level of emotional mastery, this is where the fun begins.

&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&
